LYNX-821 Documentation for GraphQL API mutations (#434)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/graphql/schema/customer/mutations/exchange-external-customer-token.md

---
title: exchangeExternalCustomerToken mutation
---

> # exchangeExternalCustomerToken mutation

Reviewer: This topic is missing information, but I don't know what exactly. I don't expect a full discussion of OAuth 1.0, but more context is needed. 

You originally had the four Integration fields listed under a section called "Authentication headers" (or something like that), but I removed that section, because it didn't make sense to me. If it does belong, then you need an example, and perhaps you need to update the [Headers](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/usage/headers/) topic.

I suspect technical information also needs to be added to the storefront docs, maybe near, the [user auth drop in](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/developer/commerce/storefront/dropins/user-auth/) docs.

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text" />

This mutation is part of the [Storefront Compatibility Package](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/developer/commerce/storefront/setup/configuration/storefront-compatibility/v248/). It will be added to Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

> The `exchangeExternalCustomerToken` mutation provides the capability for social login authentication using App Builder. With integration token credentials, it allows a shopper to log in or register as a customer. It returns a customer authentication token.

Reviewer: This says social, but wouldn't it work with any integration, say Gmail or Amazon? When does the mutation allow a pass-through login without creating a customer account?

Author: The feature is labeled as Social Login as it supports OAuth-based authentication with third-party providers like Google or Facebook, and can be extended to others like Amazon. If a customer account exists for the provided email, the user is logged in; otherwise, a new account is created and the user is signed in.

> This mutation requires that an [integration](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/systems/integrations) with the external authenticating system be configured and implemented. Adobe Commerce supports oAuth 1.0. You must calls must supply the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mutation requires that an [integration](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/systems/integrations) with the external authenticating system be configured and implemented. Adobe Commerce supports OAuth 1.0. You must calls must supply the following information:
```

                is_subscribed: false
            }
        }
    ) {
        customer {
            email
            firstname
            lastname
            is_subscribed
        }
        token
    }
}
```

**Response:**

```json
{
  "data": {
    "exchangeExternalCustomerToken": {
      "customer": {
        "email": "roni_cost@example.com",
        "firstname": "Roni",
        "lastname": "Cost",
        "is_subscribed": false
      },
      "token": "eyJraWQiOiIxIiwiYWxnIjoiSFMyNTYifQ.eyJ1aWQiOjYsInV0eXBpZCI6MywiaWF0IjoxNzQ4NDk5NDIxLCJleHAiOjE3NDg1MDMwMjF9.hDPDh41C4KOHloM2xlUYJ0asCqunQHCELG-3x_IsIZo"
    }
  }
}
```

## Errors

Error | Description
--- | ---
`"Email" is not a valid email address.` | The value provided in the `input`.`email` argument has an invalid format.
`Field CustomerCreateInput.email of required type String! was not provided` | The `input`.`email` argument was omitted.
`Field CustomerCreateInput.lastname of required type String! was not provided` | The `input`.`lastname` argument was omitted.
`Field CustomerCreateInput.firstname of required type String! was not provided` | The `input`.`firstname` argument was omitted.

> `Field "xxx" is not defined by type CustomerCreateInput.` | The `input`.`xxx` argument is undefined.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Field "xyz" is not defined by type CustomerCreateInput.` | The `input`.`xyz` argument is not defined in the schema.
```
